Concept	Description
Type Annotations --- Static typing feature allowing you to specify types for variables, function parameters, and return values.

Interfaces and Types----	Define custom data types using interfaces for defining object shapes and types for more flexibility in defining complex types.

Generics----	Create reusable, type-safe code by writing functions and classes that work with a variety of data types.

Access Modifiers----	Control the visibility of class members using access modifiers like public, private, and protected to enforce encapsulation and improve code maintainability.

Union and Intersection Types----	Combine multiple types using union (

Enums----	Define a set of named constants to improve code readability and maintainability.

Type Inference----	TypeScript's type inference system automatically infers the types of variables based on their usage, reducing the need for explicit type annotations in many cases.

Decorators----	Add metadata and behavior to classes, methods, and properties at design time, enabling you to write cleaner and more modular code.

Modules----	Organize code into reusable modules using ES6 module syntax for better modularity and maintainability.

Tooling----	TypeScript comes with a rich set of tools and integrations, including the TypeScript Compiler (tsc), TypeScript Language Service, and various editor extensions, enabling you to set up and configure TypeScript in your development environment for improved productivity.
